#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options true
\master Tesina.lyx
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language italian
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement H
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsection
Traccia 2
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conducttheanalysistoaddressthefollowing questions/points
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
MercuryandBG/L:selectthetop-5entries-pronenodes, beforehand; determine CWIN
 and tuple count for each node: • is the CWIN the same for all the nodes?
 • there exist dependability-bottlenecks, i.e., nodes with a large number
 of tuples when compared to the others? • plot the node-level reliability
 for the nodes with a significantly large interarrival sample (>30)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Mercury: for each error category (excluding OTH) determine CWIN, tuple count
 and the reliability model: • what is the category with the largest number
 of tuples? • what category is less/more reliable? BG/L:AnalyzetheJ18-U01andJ18-
U11categories(tuple count and reliability).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Mercury and BG/L: focus on similar functional nodes (e.g., tg-c in Mercury,
 2 BG/L IO nodes, etc) selected from the top entries-prone nodes: • Do the
 nodes exhibit similar tuple counts / reliability parameters? • Mercury:extractt
heerrortypesandthetop-contributing nodes to each type.
 What it can be noted? • BG/L:Whatarethemostentries-proneracks/nodes?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
